Adds ansible for end-of-contest procedure. (#72)
DOMjudge/domjudge-scripts: provision-contest/ansible/EOC/README.md

## DOMjudge EOC ansible helper

> This ansible playbook should automate must of the tasks DOMjude needs to perform for the End Of Contest procedures during the ICPC WF's. It was created for the WF 2021 in Dahka, which took place in 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ansible playbook should automate must of the tasks DOMjudge needs to perform for the End Of Contest procedures during the ICPC WF's. It was created for the WF 2021 in Dakha, which took place in 2022.
```

Two types of authentication are used and supported. Session based auth and basic auth. 
 - Session based auth retrieves a CSRF token and fakes a login action.
 - Basic auth headers are constructed and used. This is to fully mitigate [annoying basic-auth issues](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1070838/why-wget-does-not-use-username-and-password-in-url-first-time/1070847#1070847), even though the `force_basic_auth` option should already prevent these issues from arising.

> The full playbook can be run using the following command: `ansible-playbook main.yml --extra-vars "@facts.yml" --tags all`. See the setup section to see what the contents of facts.yml are supposed to be.

Reviewer 2: Super-nit: move the command to an extra line you it's even easier to copy/ paste.

## DOMjudge EOC ansible helper

> This ansible playbook should automate must of the tasks DOMjudge needs to perform for the End Of Contest procedures during the ICPC WF's. It was created for the WF 2021 in Dhaka, which took place in 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ansible playbook should automate most of the tasks DOMjudge needs to perform for the End Of Contest procedures during the ICPC WF's. It was created for the WF 2021 in Dhaka, which took place in 2022.
```

Author: Fixed

Two types of authentication are used and supported. Session based auth and basic auth.
 - Session based auth retrieves a CSRF token and fakes a login action.
 - Basic auth headers are constructed and used. This is to fully mitigate [annoying basic-auth issues](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1070838/why-wget-does-not-use-username-and-password-in-url-first-time/1070847#1070847), even though the `force_basic_auth` option should already prevent these issues from arising.

The full playbook can be run using the following command. See the setup section to see what the contents of facts.yml are supposed to be.

```ansible-playbook main.yml --extra-vars "@facts.yml" --tags all```

### Steps automated.
The following steps from the EOC 2022-Oct document have been automated:

29. `Primary pushes results.tsv into git repo`. Tag for just this action: `results.tsv`. Note, a manual commit is still needed!
32. `Compare scoreboard.json between primary and shadow`. Tag for just this action: `scoreboard`. Note, only if other (shadow or primary) credentials are provided.
33. `Compare awards.json between primary and CDS`. Tag for just this action: `awards`. Note, only if CDS credentials are provided.

> 36. `Verify that Primary and ... System Test`. Tag for just this action: `fetch`. Note, a manual commit is still needed and the `final_standings.html` is actually the static-scoreboard zip.

Reviewer: DOMjudge has an actual final_standings.html which is probably expected to be used here?

Author: Fixed

repo: /home/mart/icpc/wf_repo
contest: bapc2022
contest_id: 2
jd_loc: /home/mart/icpc/EOC/jd

dj_url: https://judge.gehack.nl
dj_url_api_suffix: api/v4
dj_username: mart
dj_password: REDACTED

other_url: https://judge.gehack.nl
other_url_api_suffix: api/v4
other_username: mart
other_password: REDACTED

cds_url: https://cds.gehack.nl
cds_url_api_suffix: api
cds_username: admin
cds_password: REDACTED
```

## Selectively running the playbook
The playbook has multiple tags:
 - `all`: runs all tasks
 - `check`: Checks the consistency of both scoreboard.json and awards.json against the CDS and other CCS when configured.
 - `scoreboard`: Verifies scoreboard.json against the CDS and other CCS when configured.
 - `awards`: Verifies awards.json against the CDS and other CCS when configured.
 - `results.tsv`: Downloads results.tsv from DOMjudge and stores it in the repo.
 - `fetch`: Retrieves all files required by the EOC including results.tsv
 - `dump`: Dumps all API endpoints, specifically:
   - accounts
   - awards
   - balloons
   - clarifications
   - problems
   - groups
   - judgements
   - languages
   - organizations
   - runs
   - scoreboard
   - teams

### Known limitations

>  - The checks that verify whether the jsons are the same are *very* simple and I (Mart) have not yet found a reasonable way of actually checking them in a nice manner from ansible. Them matching would be a bigger red-flag than them having a difference. Still, the playbook fails when a difference is detected! To aid with (manual) verification the results of fetching the jsons is stored in `/tmp/[obj].[sys].json` with `[object]` either "awards" or "scoreboard" and `[sys]` either "dj", "cds", or "other".

Reviewer 3: We should use the icpc tools contestutil for this

Author: If you have documentation for that for me. I'll make sure it works. :)

Reviewer 3: ```
./contestUtil.sh ScoreboardUtil ~/Desktop/dj.json ~/Desktop/cdsm.json # for scoreboard compare
```

For awards it doesn't exist yet... There is a way to compare the whole event feed.

@deboer-tim could we get an awards.json compare as a separate util?

Author: Implemented. awards.json still makes use of the borked jd method.
